The Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act of 1994 (sec. 826 (a)) 
 
The 1994 Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act,
signed by President Clinton but never before
invoked, practically eliminates the wiggle room
normally enjoyed by foriegn policy players. Note
the last paragraph of sec. 826 (a). 
     If ... "the President determines that any
country, [after 4/30/94] (A) transfers to a
non-nuclear-weapon state a nuclear explosive
device, (B) is a non-nuclear weapon state and
either -- (i) receives a nuclear explosive
device, or (ii) detonates a nuclear explosive
device," Then... "the President shall
forthwith impose the following sanctions: 

(A) The United States Government shall
terminate assistance to that country under the
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, except for
humanitarian assistance or food of other
agricultural commodities.

(B) The United State Government shall
terminate--(i) sales to that country under
this Act of any defense articles, defense
services, or design and construction services,
and (ii) licenses for the export to that
country of any item on the United States
Munitions List. 

(C) The United States Government shall
terminate all foreign military financing for
that country under this Act. 

(D) The United States Government shell deny to
that country and credit, credit guarantees, or
other financial assistance by any department,
agency, or instrumentality of the United
States Government, except that the sanction of
this subparagraph shall not apply--(i) to any
transaction subject to the reporting
requirements of title V of the National
Security Act of 1947 (relating to
congressional oversight of intelligence
activities), or (ii) to humanitarian
assistance. 

(E) The United States Government shall oppose,
in accordance with section 701 of the
International Financial Institutions Act (22
U.S.C. 262d), the extension of any loan or
financial or technical assistance to that
country by any international financial
institution. 

(F) The United States Government shall
prohibit any United States bank from making
any loan or providing any credit to the
government of that country, except for loans
or credits for the purpose of purchasing food
or other agricultural commodities. 

(G) The authorities of section 6 of the Export
Administration Act of 1979 shall be used to
prohibit exports to that country of specific
goods and technology (excluding food and other
agricultural commodities), except that such
prohibition shall not apply to any transaction
subject to the reporting requirements of title
V of the National Security Act of 1947
(relating to congressional oversight of
intelligence activities)." 

Waiver: [None]. The President may delay the
sanction for 30 days. 